I pledge my honor that I have abided by the Stevens Honor System.

HW#2: Packet Capture

Notes & Setup:
- As per the directions on the course site, I completed the assignment
  on an OmniOS instance (ami-0242bbd23361d20e2) and a Fedora instance
  (ami-08b4ee602f76bff79) running on AWS EC2.

- For the first portion of the assignment, all captured data from running
  `traceroute www.stevens.edu` that was collected with snoop/tcpdump is
  located in the `traceroute.txt` file.

- For the second portion of the assignment, the data collected from running
  the telnet command is located in the `http.txt` file.

- For the third portion of the assignment, the data collected from the
  multiple traceroute commands is located in the `visual-traceroute.txt`
  file.

- While not specifically requested by the assignmentm, all of the raw
  unfiltered output data is stored in the ./raw directory

Part 1:
- While the OmniOS instance had both the snoop and traceroute commands
  avalable from the start, there was no additional tinkering required.
  However, the Fedora instnace lacked both the tcpdump and traceroute
  commands needed for this assignment. In order to install them, I
  used the following commands:
      sudo yum install traceroute
      sudo yum install tcpdump
  

Part 2:
- When intially trying to run the telnet command, I was recieving an error
  that the instance was unable to connect to to the IPv6 address that is
  assigned to 6.ifconfig.pro. As I was attempting to solve this issue,
  I saw that Timothy Wang in the course slack had discovered a solution
  to this issue. On boot, OmniOS (or atleast how it is configured on this
  instance) does not enable IPv6 by default. To solve this, the following
  commands must be run:
      ipadm create-addr -T addrconf xnf0/v6
      /usr/lib/inet/in.ndpd
  This allows for IPv6 networking to function properly on the OmniOS instance.
  To verify this, I am able to both use the telnet command to do the assignment
  work, as well as use the `curl` command on the provided domain to verify
  the instance's IPv6 address.

- For the Fedora instance, similar to in Part 1, I had to install the telnet
  packaged as it was not included. I did so by running the following command:
      sudo yum install telnet

- In order to issue the HTTP requests using telnet, the following command and
  inputs were used:
      telnet 6.ifconfig.pro
        HEAD / HTTP/1.0


Part 3:
- The visual traceroute exercise was a very informative, as having a way to
  visualize network traffic connecting to different nodes allowed for me to
  gain a better graph of how the internet exists in a physical sense, rather
  than just a mysterious invisible network that "just works".

- It appears that using a traceroute visualization tool is not always the
  best option. As explained in the visual-traceroute.txt, it appears that
  multiple nodes along the connection route are not displayed.